Speaker A: Christina. Oh, I had the worst day. Like, you won't believe what my boss did. I can't wait to tell you about this. You will not believe it. It's just horrendous. Like, she just doesn't respect me. She doesn't, like, listen to me. She pushes me too hard. Like, stop.
Speaker B: Stop before you keep going. I see that this is really important to you, and you really want to talk about this right now. And I've had the most overwhelming day today at work, and as much as I wish I had the bandwidth for this right now, I don't. And I really want to support you. I know that this is really important for you to share. I just cannot do this. And I feel that if you can respect me in this decision, if you can respect where I'm coming from, I can be more attentive at a later time.
Speaker A: I mean. I mean, I do get having a hard day. Obviously, I have a hard day, but I had one, too. But, like, I really want to talk. I really feel like I need to talk about it. Like, and you give such good advice, and, like, I feel like you just, like, help me see things clearly. So I just, like, I just really want to talk, you know?
Speaker B: I know you want to talk. I hear it. I hear how important it is for you, and I just can't do it. You know how it is when we start having these conversations late at night, I then can't go to sleep, and then it just messes up my whole schedule. We can't have the conversation tonight.
Speaker A: So, like, you're shutting me down again.
Speaker B: Kristen, I'm just saying, tonight I can. Is there something else that we can do? Like, is there another way that we can, like, make this work? Like, is there something that you can think of? You know, if I can't do it tonight, can we maybe do it the next day? I mean, what are your thoughts?
Speaker A: I mean, I guess tomorrow morning will be okay. I guess we could talk about it in the morning.
Speaker B: That would be great.
Speaker A: You have time?
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, I have time. Yeah. We can do it over breakfast.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. I can do that. I can do that. I mean, I get. I get that you had a hard day. Yeah. That would mean a lot if we could talk about it at breakfast.
Speaker B: Perfect. Trust me, it's going to be better. I'll be better able to listen to you. I'll be more attentive. You'll get your. Your needs met if we do it tomorrow.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. I can respect that. I can do that. Okay. Thank you. Go back to your book. Now we're good.